As the world was torn apart by Catastrophes of unknown origin, Originium ore began to appear. With advances in technology, the power of the ore was harnessed to push civilization forward. But Originium ore also gave birth to the Infected.
After the discovery of Originium ore, people mastered a technique for the manipulation and transformation of matter using the power of the ore. The technique came to be called Originium Arts, and often simply "Arts." Whether a person can use Arts, and what forms those Arts may take is determined by both physiology and study in the field of Originium Arts.
Those infected by Originium Ore. The fatality rate of Oripathy is theoretically 100%. The threat of contagion remains upon the carrier’s death. Combined with the threat of dangerous, unknown powers, most countries have chosen to expel the Infected. Left stateless, the Infected had no clear path to life. But recently, the Infected have begun to gather around the radical resistance movement known as "Reunion."
In the country of Ursus lay the mobile city of Chernobog, located at the border between the eastern boundary and the independent financial zone of Lungmen, backed by the Lung Dynasty of Great Yan. Over here, a bloody tragedy is about to unfold...
A radical Infected organization, Reunion rallies around the cause of Infected nationalism, rejecting racial and national identities. They aggressively push for acquisition and exploitation of Infected power. Reunion uses violence in their push for justice, having gone so far as to destroy an entire city. This led to the intervention of a pharmaceutical company called "Rhodes Island," the outcome of which is not yet clear.
Rhodes Island is the most advanced Infected research institution in the world. Rhodes Island is not afraid to employ the Infected. They are known to go deep into hazardous areas to take care of issues related to the Infected. They are currently working with many governments, corporations, and NGOs to uncover the causes of an Infected riot on an unprecedented scale.

